Feature/dynamic import preloading (#361)
GoogleChromeLabs/tooling.report: tests/code-splitting/subtests/dynamic-import-preloading/webpack/index.md

---
result: pass
---

> Webpack loads the dependecies of code splitted modules parallel to them. Thus optimizing load time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Webpack embeds information about bundle dependencies into its runtime and uses it to load the code-splitted bundles and their dependencies in parallel.
```
